{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13080\viewh10400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 lesson 1 (one)\
\
	My name is Robert. My friends call me Bob. I am twenty years old.  I 
\f1 am Chinese 
\f0 ,I come from Beijing. There are six people in my family. I have one younger sister and two older brothers. We aren\'92t rich, but We are a happy family.\
\
\
name\
	what is you name
\f1 , please?\
friend \
	He has many friends.\

\f0 call
\f1 \
	\ul Cindy calls her doll Baby
\f0 \ulnone \
Chinese\
come from\
	I\'92m come from Japan\
People/ Person\
	There are many people at the station.\
	There is a person in the room.\
family\
	He has a lager family.\
young/old/sister/brother\
	The old man is rich. but he isn\'92t happly.\
happy\
	\ul I feel happy when I am with you \
\ulnone \
\
lesson 19\
\
	I have two friends . One is a short , and the other is a tall.\
	My short friend is fat, bald and ugly, but his girlfriend is beautiful. My tall friend is handsome, intelligent and strong, but his girlfriend is ugly.\
	oh, one more thing: My short friend is rich , but My tall friend is poor.\
\
short\
	My parents are short but I am tall\
	Bob is writing a short letter to his grand mother\
\
other\
	I have two sons, one is a doctor , and the other is a lawyer \
tall\
	Basketball players are very tall.\
fat\
	Fat people can\'92t run fast.\
bald\
ugly\
	The ugly boy doesn\'92t have a girlfriend.\
handsome\
	The handsome actor is very famous\
intelligent\
	The intelligent boy is reading a novel.\
rich\
	The rich man is a banker\
strong\
	Boxers are very strong\
poor\
	I don\'92t have any money, I am very poor.\
\
\
one\'85 the  other\
	I have two friends, One is short , and the other is a tall.\
one\'85 another \'85the other\
	Her three sisters are busy now. One is cooking in the kitchen , another is fixing her bike in the yard, and other is reading a book in the living room.\
\
My short friend is fat , bald and ugly\
\
\
\
lesson 20\
	\
	wow! Who is that lady next to Bob? she is pretty.\
	Do you really think so?\
	Sure. Look at her lovely blond hair and blue eyes.\
	You\'92re right. She is beautiful.\
	Well, Who is she?\
	she is my mother.\
\
lady\
pretty\
think so\
	The boys are looking at the pretty girl.\
lovely\
	My best friend have a lovely daughter\
blond\
hair\
blue\
eye\
\
	\
	Mary have two sons. One is a college. and the other is a soldier\
	Who is the boy there?\
	Tom\'92s girlfriend is a  musician.\
	Can I have one more cup of coffee?\
	Look at the girl next to the window. She is beautiful.\
	Roger thinks Jane has lovely eyes. The sentence means Roger thinks Jane\'92s eyes are beautiful.\
\
\
\
Lesson 21\
	\
Know \
	Do you know the way to my house?\
anyone\
	Does anyone want an orange?\
party\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}